c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\my string\my string\bin\Debug\my string.exe.config
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\my string\my string\bin\Debug\my string.exe
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\my string\my string\bin\Debug\my string.pdb
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\my string\my string\bin\Debug\ThinkLib.dll
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\my string\my string\obj\Debug\my string.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\my string\my string\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\my string\my string\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\my string\my string\obj\Debug\my string_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\my string\my string\obj\Debug\my string_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\my string\my string\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\my string\my string\obj\Debug\my string.g.resources
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\my string\my string\obj\Debug\my_string.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\my string\my string\obj\Debug\my string.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\my string\my string\obj\Debug\my string.exe
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\my string\my string\obj\Debug\my string.pdb
C:\Users\g16h3600\Downloads\myString101\my string\my string\bin\Debug\my string.exe.config
C:\Users\g16h3600\Downloads\myString101\my string\my string\obj\Debug\my string.exe
C:\Users\g16h3600\Downloads\myString101\my string\my string\obj\Debug\my string.pdb
C:\Users\g16h3600\Downloads\myString101\my string\my string\bin\Debug\my string.exe
C:\Users\g16h3600\Downloads\myString101\my string\my string\bin\Debug\my string.pdb
C:\Users\g16h3600\Downloads\myString101\my string\my string\obj\Debug\my string.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\g16h3600\Downloads\myString101\my string\my string\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\g16h3600\Downloads\myString101\my string\my string\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\g16h3600\Downloads\myString101\my string\my string\obj\Debug\my string_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\g16h3600\Downloads\myString101\my string\my string\obj\Debug\my string_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\g16h3600\Downloads\myString101\my string\my string\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\g16h3600\Downloads\myString101\my string\my string\obj\Debug\my string.g.resources
C:\Users\g16h3600\Downloads\myString101\my string\my string\obj\Debug\my_string.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\g16h3600\Downloads\myString101\my string\my string\obj\Debug\my string.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
